the Israeli military has reported that
the number of people known to be
abducted by Hamas has risen to
199 it's thought most of the hostages
including elderly and children were
taken to Gaza but there were few details
on their plight Israeli Defense Forces
have also released body cam footage of
the moment Hamas militants breached the
security fence last week before Fanning
out in towns and communities and killing
more than 1300 people
Hamas militants record themselves
infiltrating a community in Israel close
to the Gaza
border they breached the main gate to
kabut sufa and began searching for
civilians to kill or take hostage the
body cam video was obtained by Israeli
forces who battled and killed Hamas
militants who carried out the massacre
Israel has vowed to demolish Hamas after
their Terror attacks that Israeli
authorities say involved the the
indiscriminate Mass killing of civilians
including children and the
elderly Israeli troops are stationed at
the border with Gaza waiting for the
order to begin the ground operation and
to attempt to rescue hostages Israel has
called up more than
350,000
reservists I saw our wonderful fighters
who are now on the front line
they know that the whole nation is
behind
them they understand the magnitude of
the task they are ready to snap into
action at any moment to wipe out the
bloodthirsty monsters who seek to
annihilate us if Hamas thought we would
fall apart they were
wrong we will tear Hamas
apart Israeli border towns in the South
are being evacuated ahead of the
offensive night was like every night no
change sleep for 1 hour wake up and hide
during rocket alerts sleep again wake up
sleep again I could hardly have a shower
I could hardly shave myself some things
you just cannot do so you deal with
it the US has deployed warships to the
region to support Israel President Biden
said he's confident Israel will act
under the rules of War
Let's cross straight to our
correspondent Tanya ker she's in the
city of ashot in the south of Israel
Tanya the Israeli military has now
confirmed 199 hostages abducted by Hamas
what do we know about Israel's uh
efforts to bring back these hostages
from
Gaza yeah that's right that's at least
199 hostages that are being held uh in
Gaza um in the past days there had been
a whole uh you know identification
process going on this is why it takes so
much time to confirm to families and
relatives where the loved ones are
there's still identification process
going on for many of those who were
killed and we understand from the
families and relatives they're asking
more and more questions there's a lot of
anger as well against at the government
uh why they don't do much more prime
minister Benyamin nanah who met some of
those relatives uh on Sunday um but you
know they couldn't they didn't get the
answers they wanted especially in the
light that there might also be a ground
Invasion and that of course complicates
um you know to look um on the one hand
it should look for for the hostages but
it might complicate actually uh their
rescue we also understand that of course
there's an international effort because
among those uh hostages these are mostly
civilians as we understand but also
military personnel and uh you know their
elderly uh children young people um but
also they're having some of them have uh
other nationalities or have dual
citizenship so there is an international
effort as well to help and try to see
how to mediate some kind of uh exchange
or some kind of you know to to solve
this solution but at the same time there
doesn't seem to be a window right now
the war is going on we heard from Gaza
there are air strikes a massive campaign
of air strikes we had just rocket fire
uh also here in the south of Israel so
there's no letup in that um and uh this
this has to be done now in these
conditions now the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin has returned to Israel
after touring six Arab countries what
can we expect from his visit what did he
bring
back well I think uh there there are
several issues here on the one hand of
course uh there are also us Nationals
among those hostages there are also uh
some that are still unaccounted for so
this is uh one certainly one of the many
issues that uh the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is is working on also
with the help of other nations that are
usually you know mediators in that case
Qatar or Egypt he just was in Egypt on
Sunday and also he was working on and he
is working on on the humanitarian uh uh
Aid or on on some sort of uh solution to
get in some humanitarian Aid into Gaza
uh as we heard the ra Crossing is still
uh not open the situation is very fluid
and unpredictable there because air
strikes are also ongoing um and we also
know that he wants to get out some of
the uh um us Nationals that are in Gaza
Palestinians with US citizenship but
also others with a dual citizenship but
that hasn't happened yet and also
another topic here for the us as we just
heard they send more warships they have
two aircraft carriers here and uh in in
the to the Eastern Mediterranean also to
make sure that this is not spiring out
of control into a wider conflict in the
area especially also now everybody in
Israel is looking up uh to the north to
the uh Lebanese Israeli border or we
have seen a lot of exchanges of fire and
the tensions are rising there so um this
is another concern of course also for
for the us as well as for other and for
for Israel T in as thank you very much
Tanya